IBX-74: Ibexa cloud setup (#1344)
ezsystems/developer-documentation: docs/getting_started/install_on_ibexa_cloud.md

# Install on Ibexa Cloud

Ibexa Cloud enables you to host your application in the cloud using the [Platform.sh](https://platform.sh/) service.

## 1. Prepare configuration files

If you hadn't run the `composer ibexa:setup` command during installation, run it now:

``` bash
composer ibexa:setup --platformsh
```

This command adds to your project configuration files required for using Ibexa Cloud.

You can adapt the configuration in two places:

- `.platform.app.yaml` - main configuration

> - `.platform/services.yml` - additional services such as search engines or cache

Reviewer: There is also `.platform/routes.yaml`, not sure if it's worth mentioning here (it should be modified when enabling Fastly, for example).

# Install on Ibexa Cloud

Ibexa Cloud enables you to host your application in the cloud using the [Platform.sh](https://platform.sh/) service.

## 1. Prepare configuration files

> If you hadn't run the `composer ibexa:setup` command during installation, run it now:

Author: ```suggestion
If you didn't run the `composer ibexa:setup` command during installation, run it now:
```

``` bash
composer ibexa:setup --platformsh
```

This command adds to your project configuration files required for using Ibexa Cloud.

You can adapt the configuration in the following places:

- `.platform.app.yaml` - main configuration
- `.platform/services.yml` - additional services such as search engines or cache
- `.platform/routes.yml` - routes to additional services, for example Fastly

For details about available configuration settings,
refer to [Platform.sh documentation.](https://docs.platform.sh/configuration/app.html)

### Disk space

> The total disk space is defined by your Ibexa Cloud subscription level.

Author: ```suggestion
The total disk space depends on your Ibexa Cloud subscription level.
```

You can assign disk space to the main app container under the `disk` key.
You can distribute the remaining space between other containers (e.g. the database) or search engine
In `.platform/services.yaml` under the individual service definitions.

### Build and deploy process

Configuration under `hooks` defines the process of building and deploying your project.

!!! note

    During the build phase (defined in the `hooks.build` configuration), files in the project have read/write permissions (can be modified).
    
    During deployment (defined in the `hooks.deploy` configuration), all files in the project are read-only.

### Additional services

> `.platform/services.yaml` contains prepared setting blocks that you can uncomment

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`.platform/services.yaml` contains preconfigured setting blocks that you can uncomment
```

to enable services such as Solr or Elasticsearch, or persistent Redis session storage.

For information about available services,
see [Platform.sh documentation.](https://docs.platform.sh/configuration/services.html)

> If you enable any of the services, you need to uncomment the relevant relationship

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you enable any of the services, you must uncomment the relevant relationship
```

under the `relationship` key in `.platform.app.yaml` as well.

## 2. Create an account

Log in to https://cloud.ibexa.co or create an account if you do not have one yet.

Create a project and select its region.

## 3. Prepare for hosting

After the project is created, the website walks you through preparing your project for hosting.

> This includes adding an ssh key, and adding Platform.sh as a git remote.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This includes adding an SSH key, and adding Platform.sh as a git remote.
```
